Make embargo policy more explicit (#185)
kubernetes/committee-security-response: private-distributors-list.md

### Embargo Policy

The patch files and any derived patched binaries are included in the embargo, 

> and should not be distributed or made available to external parties before the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and must not be distributed or made available to external parties before the 
```

public disclosure is made.

However, a fully-hosted patched kube-apiserver can be deployed 
prior to the embargo lift date if users do not have direct access to the binary and if the patch only applies to the kube-apiserver.

Other fully-hosted patched components can also be deployed 

> prior to the embargo lift date only if all users with access to the components are internal to the Kubernetes distributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prior to the embargo lift date only if all users with access to the components and/or cluster are internal to the Kubernetes distributor.
```

### Embargo Policy

The patch files and any derived patched binaries are included in the embargo, 
and should not be distributed or made available to external parties before the 
public disclosure is made.

However, a fully-hosted patched kube-apiserver can be deployed 

> prior to the embargo lift date if users do not have direct access to the binary.

Reviewer: Do we need to clarify:

```suggestion
prior to the embargo lift date if users do not have direct access to the binary and if the patch only applies to the kube-apiserver.
```

> However, a fully-hosted patched NON_API_SERVER_COMPONENT can be deployed 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other fully-hosted patched components can also be deployed 
```
How about something like this to avoid the repeating howevers?

> prior to the embargo lift date if all users of the environment are internal to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
prior to the embargo lift date only if all users of the environment are internal to the
```
Not sure on the suggestion I'm proposing but do we want to make this a little more strongly worded? Is the scope of  "environment" just the cluster?

Reviewer: Hmm, yes?  Not sure on wording either.

Author: updated to `only if all users with access to the components are internal to the Kubernetes distributor` lmk wyt
